Add documentation for the new Sheets pivot table visualization feature (#27471)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/sheets/_index.md

After you add a table of data to a spreadsheet, analyze and add context to your raw data with a Pivot table. Use pivot tables to summarize and organize large amounts of data into customized tables. It helps you analyze data to find patterns and trends, and see comparisons. For example, you can have a table of error logs with a hundred rows, but with a pivot table you can break down that data into a summary table that counts your error logs by method or region. To create a pivot table:
1. From an existing spreadsheet that already has a table of data, click **Add Pivot Table**.
1. In the **Rows** and **Columns** section, select the dimensions you want to analyze, such as the status of logs.
1. In the **Calculations** section, select the dimensions you want to use in calculations, including sum, average, count, min, and max.

### Visualizations

> Once you have your pivot table, you can click **Show Graphs** and add up to 6 widgets to graph your data. We support **Top List**, **Treemap**, and **Pie Chart** widgets. Options to delete, duplicate, expand, export, and reposition your widgets are available when hovering over the widget title. To edit a widget, click the pencil icon. You can select the type of widget, which pivot calculation it will graph (if there is more than one), which rows and columns of the pivot to graph, and how many groupings will be graphed per row or column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have your pivot table, you can click **Show Graphs** and add up to six widgets to graph your data. Supported widget types include **Top List**, **Treemap**, and **Pie Chart** widgets. Hover over the widget title to delete, duplicate, expand, export, and reposition widgets. To edit a widget, click the pencil icon. Editing options allow you to select the widget type, choose which pivot calculation to graph (if there is more than one), and specify the rows, columns, and the number of groupings graphed per row or column.
```
